hey folks today's video is about
scrambled eggs the way I prepare my eggs
now is a little bit different than I did
a few years ago everybody's used to you
know mom and pops eggs so it's a little
bit chunkier a little bit more rustic
this is a sort of a refined way of
making scrambled eggs with the addition
of creme fraiche whisking vigorously to
make almost sort of like a fluffy
custard esque type scrambled egg I
learned this technique at Bouchon along
with many other recipes I love that
restaurant Thomas Keller is such an idol
to me he's really really a great
American chef that represents French
cooking and sort of fun events behind
that hopefully this video teach you guys
how to scramble eggs and a different
light a different perspective on how you
can sort of manipulate a product or an
ingredient to your liking and you can
you can always you know omit things that
I put in these recipes or even add
things one add cheese or our different
herbs or you know a cream or different
kind of butter or whatever you want you
can I mean it's really all up to you
guys I just want to really share my
techniques with you guys more than this
the specifics of the ingredients that's
that's really why I made this channel so
hopefully you guys enjoy this video
so following along and making these
awesome scrambled eggs
so as you all know I do love chives and
most of my recipes are at least most my
savory recipes but I'm going to start
off with a little bit of butter in my
pan and then add my two eggs and start
whisking vigorously just so it doesn't
clump up and I so I can get that really
nice custard texture it's where you'd be
so about halfway through the cooking
process you're going to want to add all
your ingredients which are the chives
creme fraiche salt and pepper and then
continue whisking on a medium to high
heat you know my M goes so after about
three to five minutes on medium heat and
vigorous whisking your eggs should be
ready they should have a nice creamy
texture to them but have sort of a
bouncy touch to them when you plate also
I want to serve this dish with a side of
awesome sourdough buttered toast I just
can't live without that with my
scrambled eggs
that's good time and if I'm ni a you
know where to find me close your eyes
and sing and we'll be free
number